Hello everyone. Welcome to
the introductory video
of Amazon SageMaker.
My name is Fan Li and I'm
the senior product manager
on Amazon SageMaker team.
Amazon SageMaker is a
fully managed service to
help data scientists and
developers to build,
train, and deploying
Machine Learning models
quickly and easily.
It has three major components.
A hosted notebook instance,
a distributed on-demand
training environment,
and a model hosting
environment that is elastic,
scalable, secure, and reliable.
Although using all components,
end-to-end brings you
a seamless experience
on Amazon SageMaker,
you have the flexibility
to use any combination of
those components in order
to fit your own workflow.
Amazon SageMaker provides
hosted Jupiter notebooks
that requires no setup.
With a few clicks on
Amazon SageMaker console
or through APIs,
you can create a 40
managed notebook instance,
which comes with preloaded
data science packages
such as popular Python libraries,
deep learning frameworks,
Apache Spark, and so on.
You can then start processing
your datasets and developing
your algorithms immediately.
If you want to use extra
packages that are not preloaded,
you can simply PIP
install or Conda install
them which will be persisted
in that notebook instance.
Although you can certainly run
training jobs in the
hosted notebook instance,
many times, you want to
get access to more
compute capacity,
especially for large datasets.
In that case, you simply select
the type and quantity of
Amazon EC2 instances you need
and kick-off a train job.
Amazon's SageMaker then sets
up the compute cluster,
performs a training job,
and tear down the cluster
when the training
job is finished.
So you only pay for
what you use and
never worry about the
underlying infrastructure.
In Amazon's SageMaker,
model training is flexible.
You can certainly bring
arbitrary algorithms,
either open-sourced
or developed by
yourself in the form
of Docker images.
Although Amazon SageMaker offers
a range of built-in
high-performance machine
learning algorithms that
have been optimized for
this TPOT training
making it highly
effective in training models
against the mark datasets.
For those who want to train
your own neural networks,
Amazon SageMaker makes it
super easy to directly submit
your TensorFlow or
Apache amex nav scripts
for this TPOT training
and you can use alternative
deep-learning
frameworks as well by
packaging your own Docker images
and bringing them to
Amazon's SageMaker.
When you are ready to deploy
a model to production,
you can simply indicate
the compute resource
requirements for
hosting the model and deploy
it with just one click.
A HTTPS endpoint will then be
created to achieve low latency,
high throughput inferences.
With Amazon SageMaker,
you can swap
the model behind a
endpoint without
any downtime or even
put multi models
behind a endpoint for the
purpose of A/B testing.
Next I'm going to show
you a quick demo.
In this demo, I will create
a notebook instance from
Amazon SageMaker console,
build my workflow in
the notebook instance to
train a simple
classification model,
and then deploy that model so
that I can make
inferences against it.
Please remember,
you can always use
Amazon's SageMaker console or
APIs to build your workflows,
if you prefer to do that.
Now, I'm on Amazon
SageMaker console
and I am creating a
notebook instance.
I will give it a name,
for example, my
notebook instance-1.
As you can see, I can pick
the type of the
notebook instance here.
Since I only plan to use
a notebook instance as my
development environment and
rely on the on-demand
training environment
to execute heavy lifting
training jobs for me,
I just pick the smallest
instance, which is Ml.t2.medium.
I'm also granting permissions to
the notebook instance through
IAM role so that I can
access necessary
AWS resources from
my notebook instance without
the need to provide
my AWS credential.
If you don't have
IAM role in place,
Amazon SageMaker
will automatically
create a role for you
with your permission.
For those who want to access
resources in your VPCs,
you can specify which VPC you
want to be able to connect
from the notebook instance.
You can also secure your data in
the notebook instance
leveraging KMS encryption.
I will go ahead,
hit the Create Notebook
instance button and
this notebook instance will be
created and
automatically started.
Now that my notebook
instance is up and running,
I will just click on the
"Open button" on the right,
which brings me to the
Jupiter notebook dashboard.
For those who are not familiar
with Jupiter notebooks,
it is an open source web
application that allows
users to author and execute
code interactively.
It is very widely used by the
Data Scientist community.
From the Jupiter
notebook dashboard,
I can see a list of
pre-populated example
notebooks showing me how to
use Amazon sage maker to
build all kinds of machine
learning solutions.
I can easily make my own
version based on one of them.
This example notebooks
are developed by subject
matter experts across Amazon and
we will continue adding
more examples over time.
Let's go through one of
the example notebooks
here which uses
XG boost implementation
of boosted trees
algorithm to build a
direct marketing model.
XG boost is
an extremely popular open-source
package for gradient
boosted Trees which is widely
used in building
classification models.
Amazon SageMaker offers
XG boost as a built in
algorithm so that customer
can access it more easily.
In this notebook, we will build
a model to predict
if our customer will
enroll for a term deposit at
a bank after one or more
outreach phone costs.
We will use a public
data set published by
UC Irvine which
contains information
about historical
customer outreach
and whether customers have
subscribed to the term deposit
offered by a bank in Europe.
We will first set up
some variables that
are being used in
this notebook and download the
dataset from the internet.
After that, we will perform
some data exploration
and transformation to prepare
the data for training.
We will then kick
off a training job
into Amazon SageMaker
training environment.
Last but not the least,
after the training is done,
we will deploy the model to
Amazon SageMaker hosting and make
inferences against the
degenerated HTTPS endpoint.
To start, let's set up
some variables such as
the IAM role that
Amazon SageMaker can use
during training and hosting.
Depending on your preference,
it can be the same
or different from
the role that you have passed
to the notebook instance.
I'm also setting up
the S3 bucket in
my account which I am
using to store the dataset
as well as the model artifacts
that will be written
by Amazon SageMaker once the
training job is finished.
I'm also importing
some Python libraries
to be used in this notebook.
Next, I'm going to
download the data set from
UC Irvine's Machine
Learning Data Repository
and take a look at
a sample set of it.
As you can see here,
there are over 40,000 customer
records and 20 features
associated with each customer,
including age, marital
status, education level,
number of contacts performed,
external environments
factors such
as consumer confidence index.
Last column of this dataset
is what we call [inaudible].
It tells us whether or not a
customer has subscribed to
the term deposit which
will be our inference or
prediction targets for
new data points as well.
I then go ahead to
some data cleansing
and transformations.
Not going into the detail here,
but the goal is to
better prepare the data
set so as to generate
a better model.
As a common practice,
after I have completed
the data exploration
and the transformation,
I split the data set
into training data,
validation data, and test data.
Training data and validation data
will be used in the
training process.
I am going to use
the test data to
evaluate model performance
after it is deployed.
I then upload the datasets to
my S3 bucket and move on
to the training step.
Creating your training job in
Amazon SageMaker is
pretty straightforward.
This cell contains the
parameters I need to set up,
such as the IAM role,
the training AWS image which
is provided and managed by
Amazon SageMaker since I am
using the built in
XG boost algorithm.
The compute resource needed
to run the training jar.
In this case, I'm running the job
on two MLC42XLR instances.
Input data config specify where
the training data set is.
While output config specified
where the training result,
which we call model artifacts
should be written to.
I'm also setting up a bunch
of hyperparameters which are
algorithms specific
and a stopping
condition to avoid endless
training job execution.
After our parameters are set,
I initiate an Amazon
SageMaker Model Client and
call the create training job
API to kickoff the training job.
For this particular training job,
it will just take a few minutes.
As you can see here,
the training job has
been completed and
model artifacts have been written
to my S3 bucket in the back end.
I'm now ready to deploy
it into production.
I will first create a model in
Amazon SageMaker
hosting by specifying
the model artifacts
location as well as
the inference image which
contains the inference code.
Again, since I use the
built-in XG boost algorithm,
the inference image
here is provided
and managed by Amazon
SageMaker as well.
If you were to bring your
own model to hosting,
you need to provide your
own inference image here.
I will then create a endpoints,
but before that, I need to set
up a endpoint
configuration first.
This is to specify
how many models I'm
going to put behind
a endpoint and the
compute resources
I need for each of the model.
In this demo, I'm only
putting one model
which is the one I just
trend behind endpoint.
I am using one MLC4X large
instance to host that model.
After that, I just call create
endpoint API to
create the endpoint.
Now, the endpoint is created and
I can make inferences
against it in real time.
What I'm doing here is
getting the test data I
have prepared during the
data preparation step,
making inferences for
each single one record in
that dataset and comparing the
results with the branches.
As you can see here,
I managed to get an Error
Rate which is not bad.
Although, I may need more
iterations to improve it.
That is all I have for
this introductory video.
I hope you enjoyed learning
about Amazon SageMaker.
I'm Fan Li and thank
you for watching.